at this time
let's talk to god
is the opportunity we have to get closer in front of the highest
and they will ask for a session
everything we need
Camilo Samán
at this moment sr
I invoke your name of God so high creator of the heavens of
to ask for media
They must spend less force
to manage the business
- yes
to swim more spiritual wisdom as to speak as you think
what kind of it
announcement do sir jesus christ
everything I do works well
also open the doors that silenced
and that the opportunities will come to enter my office and business sr
July is a new day and you set out Lord Jesus Christ your hand
so that by a complaint from a neighbor
with my father called at this moment my god I a misery with every person who
listen to media scanning
to ask for media because your dreams to ask in your word you yourself say my
God
that everything you ask for and you are sure
or it will be given
eleven partners year high come hurry up means
hurry up
to bless half
hurry up my ahmadi father look at the fed this man in god but listening
exploration and peace
listen to my beloved father watching this person want to get ahead
to keep my beloved father this business means
and that this business and bear good fruits
by God, half an hour
computer help us my god
because we do not need an analysis, we do not need anyone other than
called only from you
as happened on the 22nd when multiplying multiplication of the loaves
and the fish in the same way
extraordinary
and that your blessing ore has been spilled in our economic life
in this family
and that we can enjoy
of this life that you have given us
pyrite I thank my god
because you optimism yourself teach to ask
and you taught me
everything that a citizen prays in prayer
because we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ
the Lord Jesus Christ
It is our nation's rock
CSI Miami
I understand how this one should feel
but do not say goodbye
How big is our problem
if we do not say of the problem
how big is our
likewise god must teach
now harry difficult moments
let's practice sensitivities
and united in faith united in one faith in Christ Jesus Christ
in Jesus Christ
let's move very well
if suddenly your mountain
your economic life
we are going to overcome this mountain we are going to move through faith
in Jesus Christ
begins to be prayers again
I hope that you who are a brave accompanies me
and that the blessing
of the creator god of the heavens and the earth
in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ
it has spilled in his mouth
in your business
his life
morning
in the name of Mr. Jesus
Thank God